[clang] Support --sysroot= for ${arch}-windows-msvc targets (#96417)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/UsersManual.md

Strict aliasing (TBAA) is always off by default in clang-cl whereas in clang,
strict aliasing is turned on by default for all optimization levels. For more
details, see {ref}`Strict aliasing <strict_aliasing>`.

Using clang/clang++ with MSVC Targets

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: You need to rewrite this rst to markdown, these headings are not valid markdown.

The best tool I have found for this is [rst2myst](https://github.com/executablebooks/rst-to-myst).

What I recommend is, if you have an old version of this branch before you did the rebase, you can run rst2myst on the UsersManual.rst before your change, and again after, diff those two outputs, and that will give you a unified diff you can apply here. Or just do it manually.

> While ``clang-cl`` emulates the MSVC compiler interface, users may prefer to invoke ``clang`` or ``clang++`` directly for greater control and platform consistency. When targeting MSVC environments, Clang supports the use of ``--target=`` and ``--sysroot=`` following the same conventions as Unix-style cross-compilation. Furthermore, ``--sysroot=`` accepts both Unix‑style paths and ``clang-cl /winsysroot`` style paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clang can use the generic, GCC-style driver command line syntax to generate native Windows artifacts, and users who are porting a build from a Posix environment may prefer to use this interface for greater consistency between platforms.
When targeting MSVC environments, Clang supports the use of `--target=` and `--sysroot=` following the same conventions as Unix-style cross-compilation. Furthermore, `--sysroot=` accepts both Unix‑style paths and `clang-cl /winsysroot` style paths.
```
